Privacy Policy

1. About this policy

We know your privacy is important to you. It’s important to us, too. So this Privacy Policy will help you, as a user of the Services, understand what information we may gather about you, how we use it, and how we work to protect it. This Privacy Policy forms part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of the Services. Defined terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Use. In visiting the Websites, downloading the App or otherwise using the Services, you are consenting to the information practices outlined in this Privacy Policy, and to the Terms of Use.

Basically, if you’re using app, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you don’t agree (but we hope you will), don’t use this app. 

​

2. Information covered by this policy

This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information. “Personal Information” is personally identifiable information that can be used to contact you or determine your identity. When other information is linked to this personally identifiable information, it may also become Personal Information.

​

Depending on the privacy laws where you live, Personal Information may include your name, personal email address, phone number, billing information, shipping address, device ID, or account login credentials, such as your login for sites like Facebook, Twitter, Google, or other third party websites or apps (your “Social Logins”). 

​

This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that you provide to us, or Personal Information provided to us on your behalf by a third party, including through a Social Login.  

We want to be clear: unless we or a third party tells you otherwise, we won’t ask a third party to hand over your Personal Information in order for us to provide you with the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of those third parties with respect to how they themselves collect or use Personal Information in the course of their own business. Also, this Privacy Policy doesn’t cover any advertisements from third parties you may see while using our Services, nor does it cover content in the Services that links to third party websites. You’ll have to check with them to find their privacy policy.  

​

3. It’s all about you
 
Readers are at the center of every decision we make at this app. We collect, use, share and process your Personal Information, we promise it’s not to creep you out, but only to make your experience even better. By “better” we mean, customized to you – we want to recommend stories and content we think you’ll love, and allow you to save and share the ones you do.   

If you want to get technical about it, there are a number of reasons we collect and use your Personal Information. For example, we do so in order to deliver the Services to you as required by the Terms of Use, including providing customer support to you when you need it. We also use it to comply with our contractual obligations to our publishing partners, and to help our product development team build a better app product that better reflects your interests.

​

4. Some Personal Information is required to access certain features or Services

Certain features or Services will only be available to you if you create a Registered Account. When you create a Registered Account, we ask you for basic registration information, including your name and email address or Social Login. This is the minimum information you will need to provide in order to create a Registered Account.  You will be required to create a Registered Account to fully use and enjoy the features associated with a Trial, Subscription, Single Issue Purchase, or Gifted Issue.

​

If you purchase a Subscription or make a Single Issue Purchase, we will also collect billing information such as your credit card number, expiry date, and billing address.

Sponsored Access may not necessarily require you to create a Registered Account.


5. Cookies (not the chocolate chip kind)

A cookie is a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Each website can send its own cookies to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it. However, to protect your privacy, most browsers only permit a website to access the cookies that the same website has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.

​

This app sets and accesses our own cookies on your computer. We use them to identify you as a repeat visitor, to maintain session information for logged-in users, and to track usage trends and patterns. That helps us better understand and improve areas of the Websites. 

This app also allows third parties who are providing content on our Websites to set and access their own cookies on your computer. Third parties’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. We do not have access to any information stored by third parties about you.

You can find more information about the types of cookies that we use on the Cookies page.

​

6. When we disclose Personal Information

In general, we will not disclose Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent. However, there may be circumstances where we may need to disclose Personal Information about you to an unaffiliated third party. For instance:

When this app employs other third parties to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing customer service, sending mail, processing credit card payments, processing currency conversions, or other functions necessary to our business;
If publishers of the Publications request additional Personal Information from us. The information practices of those publishers will be governed by their own privacy policies;
If we believe you are harming or interfering with the enjoyment of the Services of other users, anyone else, or violating the terms of your Subscription, Trial, Sponsored Access or Gifted Issue, or violating the Terms of Use, or if we believe you are infringing any of this app or a third party’s legal rights;
If we are required by applicable law (or court order) to provide any of your Personal Information. We will, if permitted by applicable law or the terms of a court order, attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied when creating your Registered Account before we respond to the request;
In the event of a sale of all or most of this app’s assets, this information may be transferred to the purchaser so they may continue to provide the Services to you.
 
7. How we use and disclose Anonymous Information

“Anonymous Information” is any information other than Personal Information, including aggregated information that we derive from Personal Information. We make sure that Anonymous Information does not include any Personal Information.

This app may use Anonymous Information:

To improve the Websites, the App, and the Services;
To deliver the Services;
To monitor traffic and general usage patterns;
To inform publishers as to what content is appealing to certain users of the Services;
To inform advertisers of the usage habits or characteristics of certain users of the Services;
To advise potential investors so that they may better understand the app user base; and
To provide you with an improved experience when using the Websites, the App, and the Services
