Terms of Use
Last update: MARK 20, 2021
The app by DEVELOPER FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY.
The use website, app, and services is governed by these Terms of Use. By using app, you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Use and the disclaimers contained therein and that you accept and agree to be bound by the terms thereof.
By accessing materials on app website, app, you agree with these Terms of Use. App reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use from time to time, and your access to the Web Site will be deemed to be your acceptance of, and agreement, to any such changed terms and conditions.
TERMS OF SERVICE
The Services and information in the app are provided for entertainment purposes only and do not constitute legal, financial, medical or any other sort of professional advice of any kind.
Your use of any information or materials on this app is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this app meet your specific requirements.
This app contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this app which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the app.
Unauthorised use of this app may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
AGE LIMITS
We appreciate the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Our Services are intended for use only by those aged 16 and over. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. In order to request the deletion of personal data, for any reason, please use the in-app support feature in our Services or contact us at the address provided below and we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such personal data from our records.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the in-app support feature in our Services.
